These are the simulation files for Talos ES™'s control card, the heart of the system, which includes the RISC pipeline logic.
The file 74245.circ contains the partial model of a 74HC245 IC, made by me, used in the models contained in the other files. LogiSim-Evolution may prompt you to link the 74245 model when you open one of the other files.<br>
The file TalosES_CTRL_card.circ contains the minimum circuit for the CTRL card being used in-system, not as a standalone hand-held device. This file can be used as a model of the CTRL card in higher-level system-wide simulations. It uses the complete Decoding Memory files 'DM3 LogiSim complete' to 'DM0 LogiSim complete'. These files contain the 64KB of data for each of the memories.
The file TalosES_AL_testbed.circ adds the modules required for displaying signals in LEDs and using the card in standalone mode, as a hand-held device. This is the model I actually used for simulations before design the corresponding PCB. However, <i>nota bene:</i> the circuit is simplified so to make it easier to get initial simulation results. The flags have been removed from the address of the Decoding Memories, which are here addressed solely by the instruction opcode. As such, no conditional branches are implemented. Also, the Decoding Memories (and corresponding files 'DM3' to 'DM0') do NOT contain the complete and appropriate contents (e.g. conditional branches are left out); they assume the memories are only 256 bytes long and that no flags are used to address them.
<p>
The LogiSim-Evolution repository <a href="https://github.com/logisim-evolution/logisim-evolution">can be found here.</a>
